[BLOG] Add scipy-ndimage-interpolation (#425)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/scipy-ndimage-interpolation.md

A recent NumFOCUS small development grant awarded to the SciPy developers allowed a dedicated effort to fix existing bugs in boundary handling and improve the documentation of the behavior of these modes. The code underlying ndimage is in C for efficiency, but this code base is somewhat complicated due to its general n-dimensional nature and flexible data type support. This complexity coupled with the lack of a dedicated maintainer for the ndimage module over the past 15 years, had led to a number of these issues being long unaddressed. The work carried out under this proposal resulted in closing more than a dozen such long-standing SciPy issues.

### Interpolation order example

> --- show an image for order = 0 vs. 1 vs. 3 vs. 5 ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{/* show an image for order = 0 vs. 1 vs. 3 vs. 5 */}
```

![Coordinate Conventions](/posts/scipy-ndimage-interpolation/scipy-points-vs-grid.png)

At the top, the samples are treated as isolated points, whereas in the bottom panel points are considered as the centers of regulary spaced grid elements (i.e. pixels in 2D, voxels in 3D). The top interpolation has historically been used for ndimage's `wrap` (aka periodic) boundary mode. This leads to surprising behavior, because the period for `n` samples is `n - 1` with the first and last sample exactly overlapping. In SciPy 1.6, a new mode, `grid-wrap` was introduced which uses the grid interpretation of the lower panel so that all `n` samples are replicated.

Similarly the `scipy.ndimage.zoom` function has a new `grid_mode` option that, when set to True, will cause resizing based on the full grid extent. With `grid_mode=True`, zoom's behavior becomes consistent with similar functions in scikit-image (`skimage.transform.resize`) and OpenCV (`cv2.resize`).

### New documentation of boundary handling behavior

> Documentation of the boundary modes has been improved, adding [illustrations for the behavior of all modes](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/tutorial/ndimage.html#interpolation-boundary-handling) and cross-linking to these figures from each individual function's docstring. Additionally, the coordinate origin being at the center of a pixel is more clearly documented and the difference between a pixel vs. point data model is better described.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Documentation of the boundary modes has been improved, adding [illustrations for the behavior of all modes](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/tutorial/interpolate.html) and cross-linking to these figures from each individual function's docstring. Additionally, the coordinate origin being at the center of a pixel is more clearly documented, and the difference between a pixel vs. point data model is better described.
```
